README.md, before:

# deno-collective

A curated list of Deno projects that are actively looking for contributors and/or have good first issues.

**If you are actively looking for contributors, then it is recommended you add the following badge to your repository!**

[![contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/dwyl/esta/issues)

```
[![contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/dwyl/esta/issues)
```

## Contents

- [Projects Looking for Contributors](#projects-looking-for-contributors)
- [Projects With Good First Issues](#projects-with-good-first-issues)
- [Adding Your Project To The List](#adding-your-project-to-the-list)

## Projects Looking for Contributors

The projects below are looking for contributors.

* [Autopilot](https://github.com/divy-work/autopilot-deno) - A cross-platform desktop automation framework for Deno

    ![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/divy-work/autopilot-deno)
    ![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/divy-work/autopilot-deno/help%20wanted.svg)

* [Opine](https://github.com/asos-craigmorten/opine) - Fast, minimalist web framework for Deno ported from ExpressJS

    ![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/asos-craigmorten/opine)
    ![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/asos-craigmorten/opine/help%20wanted.svg)

## Projects With Good First Issues

The projects below have good first issues.

* [Autopilot](https://github.com/divy-work/autopilot-deno) - A cross-platform desktop automation framework for Deno

    [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/divy-work/autopilot-deno/good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/divy-work/autopilot-deno/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)

* [dmm](https://github.com/drashland/dmm/issues) - Lightweight Deno Module Manager

    [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/drashland/dmm/good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/drashland/dmm/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
    
* [Drash](https://github.com/drashland/deno-drash) - A REST microframework for Deno's HTTP server with zero dependencies.

    [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/drashland/deno-drash/good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/drashland/deno-drash/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
    
* [Drash-Middleware](https://github.com/drashland/deno-drash-middleware) - A middleware library for Drash.

    [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/drashland/deno-drash-middleware/good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/drashland/deno-drash-middleware/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
    
* [Mandarine.TS](https://github.com/mandarineorg/mandarinets) - A Framework that allows you to create MVC applications. Decorator-driven, Dependency Injection and enterprise solutions.
    
    [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/mandarineorg/mandarinets/good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/mandarineorg/mandarinets/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)

* [Opine](https://github.com/asos-craigmorten/opine) - Fast, minimalist web framework for Deno ported from ExpressJS

    [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/asos-craigmorten/opine/good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/asos-craigmorten/opine/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)

* [Rhum](https://github.com/drashland/rhum) - A lightweight testing framework for Deno.

    [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/drashland/rhum/good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/drashland/rhum/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)

## Adding Your Project To The List

To add your project to the list, simply edit this `README.md` and make a pull request! You can add your project to one or both of the lists.

If your project is looking for contributors, then you can edit the following markdown and add it to the "Looking for Contributors" list:

```
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/<REPO_OWNER>/<REPO_NAME>)
![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/<REPO_OWNER>/<REPO_NAME>/help%20wanted.svg)
```

If your project has good first issues for newcomers, then you can edit the following markdown and add it to the "Good First Issues" list:

```
[![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/<REPO_OWNER>/<REPO_NAME>/good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/<REPO_OWNER>/<REPO_NAME>/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
```

An example diff of a pull request made to this `README.md` would look like:

```diff
* Some Project - A project about something.

    [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/<REPO_OWNER>/<REPO_NAME>/good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/<REPO_OWNER>/<REPO_NAME>/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)

+
+ * [deno-collective](https://github.com/drashland/deno-collective) - A curated list of Deno projects that are either actively looking for contributors, with good first issues or both
+
+     [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/drashland/deno-collective/good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/drashland/deno-collective/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
```

Commit message:

update: add trex package manager

README.md, after:

# deno-collective

A curated list of Deno projects that are actively looking for contributors and/or have good first issues.

**If you are actively looking for contributors, then it is recommended you add the following badge to your repository!**

[![contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/dwyl/esta/issues)

```
[![contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/dwyl/esta/issues)
```

## Contents

- [Projects Looking for Contributors](#projects-looking-for-contributors)
- [Projects With Good First Issues](#projects-with-good-first-issues)
- [Adding Your Project To The List](#adding-your-project-to-the-list)

## Projects Looking for Contributors

The projects below are looking for contributors.

* [Autopilot](https://github.com/divy-work/autopilot-deno) - A cross-platform desktop automation framework for Deno

    ![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/divy-work/autopilot-deno)
    ![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/divy-work/autopilot-deno/help%20wanted.svg)

* [Opine](https://github.com/asos-craigmorten/opine) - Fast, minimalist web framework for Deno ported from ExpressJS

    ![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/asos-craigmorten/opine)
    ![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/asos-craigmorten/opine/help%20wanted.svg)
    
* [Trex](https://github.com/crewdevio/Trex) - Package manager for deno based on import map 🦕

    ![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/crewdevio/Trex)
    ![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/crewdevio/Trex/help%20wanted.svg)

## Projects With Good First Issues

The projects below have good first issues.

* [Autopilot](https://github.com/divy-work/autopilot-deno) - A cross-platform desktop automation framework for Deno

    [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/divy-work/autopilot-deno/good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/divy-work/autopilot-deno/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)

* [dmm](https://github.com/drashland/dmm/issues) - Lightweight Deno Module Manager

    [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/drashland/dmm/good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/drashland/dmm/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
    
* [Drash](https://github.com/drashland/deno-drash) - A REST microframework for Deno's HTTP server with zero dependencies.

    [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/drashland/deno-drash/good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/drashland/deno-drash/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
    
* [Drash-Middleware](https://github.com/drashland/deno-drash-middleware) - A middleware library for Drash.

    [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/drashland/deno-drash-middleware/good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/drashland/deno-drash-middleware/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
    
* [Mandarine.TS](https://github.com/mandarineorg/mandarinets) - A Framework that allows you to create MVC applications. Decorator-driven, Dependency Injection and enterprise solutions.
    
    [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/mandarineorg/mandarinets/good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/mandarineorg/mandarinets/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)

* [Opine](https://github.com/asos-craigmorten/opine) - Fast, minimalist web framework for Deno ported from ExpressJS

    [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/asos-craigmorten/opine/good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/asos-craigmorten/opine/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)

* [Rhum](https://github.com/drashland/rhum) - A lightweight testing framework for Deno.

    [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/drashland/rhum/good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/drashland/rhum/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)

## Adding Your Project To The List

To add your project to the list, simply edit this `README.md` and make a pull request! You can add your project to one or both of the lists.

If your project is looking for contributors, then you can edit the following markdown and add it to the "Looking for Contributors" list:

```
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/<REPO_OWNER>/<REPO_NAME>)
![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/<REPO_OWNER>/<REPO_NAME>/help%20wanted.svg)
```

If your project has good first issues for newcomers, then you can edit the following markdown and add it to the "Good First Issues" list:

```
[![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/<REPO_OWNER>/<REPO_NAME>/good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/<REPO_OWNER>/<REPO_NAME>/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
```

An example diff of a pull request made to this `README.md` would look like:

```diff
* Some Project - A project about something.

    [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/<REPO_OWNER>/<REPO_NAME>/good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/<REPO_OWNER>/<REPO_NAME>/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)

+
+ * [deno-collective](https://github.com/drashland/deno-collective) - A curated list of Deno projects that are either actively looking for contributors, with good first issues or both
+
+     [![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/drashland/deno-collective/good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/drashland/deno-collective/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
```
